Update the guidelines to call out how to select the initial vers… (#1588)
Azure/azure-sdk: docs/typescript/implementation.md

{% include requirement/MUSTNOT id="ts-versioning-no-version-0" %} use a major version of 0, even for preview packages.

> {% include requirement/MUST id="general-versioning-bump" %} select a version number greater than the highest version number of any other released Track 1 packages for the service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% include requirement/MUST id="general-versioning-bump" %} select a version number greater than the highest version number of any other released Track 1 package for the service in any other npm scope or language.
```

In other words, if service `foo` has:

* @microsoft/foo version 1
* @azure/foo version 2

We should pick version 3. If we have these additional cross-language assets:

* A nuget package `foo` at version 3
* A maven `foo` at version 4

We should pick version 5.

In general I would prefer we stay out of the business of attaching marketing-related value to version numbers and instead pick a good term for track 2 we can use to identify/tag such packages.
